Hi I'm Anderson, RA 0200832221001

1. Talk about your professional profile, information that applies to you.
ok, cool
I graduated in Literature at FIJ – Faculdades Integradas Jaú, but I didn't graduate due to the coronavirus pandemic, which hindered access to the course.
I studied technical education at ETEC Joaquim Ferreira do Amaral, and despite not completing the course, I learned a lot of useful things.
I worked as a computer technician at Virtus PCs, and as a programmer at ProgSet.
I currently have a company and work as a programmer and computer technician, in both cases providing services to other companies.
I am currently studying Internet Systems at Faculdade de Tecnologia Fatec Jahu, and my graduation is scheduled for June 2025.

2. What are your negative points? Describe yourself.
Well this is a little complicated but.
I get a little irritated by some people's attitudes, so I prefer to work alone. But if necessary, I am very professional and can work as part of a team.

3. Say a few sentences about yourself pointing out aspects that you are not good at!
well, lets'a go
I’m committed, persistente, adaptable and very trusting person with a projects.
I’m energetic, imaginative and diplomatic in a work place.
I'm not very fast at writing code, but it almost always comes out perfect and error-free.

4. Why did you leave your last job?
sure
I had a small difference of opinion with my employer, I believed that his nephew should work and he believed that he worked.

5. Were you responsible for a team before? How was it?
Not from a team, but from a project, there were two of us, the employee's nephew and I. 
It was quite complicated because the employer's nephew hardly did anything and when he did, half of the things were wrong and I was the one who had to correct them, 
meaning I had to double my workload and without any extra pay for the complication.

6. Describe your last work experience (What were you in charge of, your responsabilities, your routine...)
The work consisted of developing improvements to the existing application, serving customers and resolving their queries, setbacks and errors within the application, 
and making adjustments within the application to meet certain customer demands.

7. Describe your soft skills
I am a committed, adaptable, energetic, imaginative and very persistent person.